search: Make new structural search code path default (#17846)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixes an issue that prevented the hard deletion of a user if they had saved searches. [#17461](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17461)
- Fixes an issue that caused some missing results for `type:commit` when a pattern was used instead of the `message` field. [#17490](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17490#issuecomment-764004758)
- Fixes an issue where cAdvisor-based alerts would not fire correctly for services with multiple replicas. [#17600](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17600)

> - Significantly improved performance of structural search on large repositories [#17846](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17846)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Significantly improved performance of structural search on monorepo deployments [#17846](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/17846)
```

Reviewer: Also add an entry that indexed branches are supported 🎉
